This is the villa mentioned by the other side lake.
Worth 100 million
This mother tree Dahongpao
5.20 million at auction last year
This ignorance
Which one is this ignorant on the market?
Mr. Sun knows that girl
I heard that he is not the daughter of the Bai family at all
His biological parents are both poor households in Taoyuan County
Both parents are unemployed
There's one more grandmother in the house.
With five unmarried brothers
The days ahead will not be easy, you can go
Don't be too deceived.
I think it's fake.
Auntie is right.
Their family is so poor
How could I possibly afford these?
Each of these is also fake
There are still people who are not looking for it
I think the richest family in the country is poor
Hongyan, the actor you found did a great job.
That's right, forget it.
Uncle liu
Don't tell them what's blind
Let's go. Okay.